Update advanced-filtering.md (#20602)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/metrics/advanced-filtering.md

## Wildcard filtered queries 

> Tag value prefix, suffix, and substring wildcard matching is supported: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prefix, suffix and substring wildcard tag filtering is supported: 
```
